Please check the resources section of this lecture.
There is a PDF download available.
The main engine X configuration file is located in the UTC slash engine X directory.
Let's change to that directory listing of the files there.
We can see the file that we are about to edit, engine X, Dot SEO in F, as always, create a backup
copy of the configuration file before you edit the file.
Before we open the file.
Two commands, we need to run all this CPU to determine the number of CPUs our server has.
The server I'm using has won the second command you limit hyphen in.
That is to determine the number of worker connections one zero to four.
So you do then are followed by Ingenix, not SEO enough worker processors.
That is the number of CPU course we can change auto to one.
We need to add a directive to the main context worker.
Our limit no file.
You can leave a space and type in fifteen thousand semi code.
That is the main context taken care of.
Now you can move down to the events context.
Worker connections would normally be subject to the value that you limit displayed one zero to four.
Because we added the worker or limit directive to the main context.
We can increase the worker connections to two zero four eight.
We can uncommented multi except to turn it on.
We can add a new directive, use Epel semicolon.
Now we can move down to the HTTP context, keep alive time out.
I would like you to comment.
We will add our keep alive settings to include file server tokens.
We need to enable that directive.
You can uncommented server tokens, server names, hash bucket size.
We need to uncommented login settings.
As I've already discussed with you, the access log can be a tremendous resource hog comment that you
can move to the line above and type access log or semicolon that will turn off the access log.
We can, of course, override the access log in the server context.
Now we get to Jesus settings.
Jesus is on.
It's disabled for Microsoft Internet Explorer six.
Jesus Peery on.
We need to uncommented Jesus feary on will tell proxy's to cash both the Jesus and the regular version
of the resource Jesus.
Proceed any you can also uncommented that will compress data.
Even if clients are connecting through a proxy Jesus compression level.
You can uncommented but change the level from six to five.
Five is a perfect compromise between size and CPU usage.
It offers approximately a 75 per cent reduction for ASCII files.
The Jesus Buffer's directive you can uncommented it sets the number and size of Buffer's used to compress
a response.
You can uncommented Gizab HTP version that will enable compression for both HTP one and one point one.
You can also uncommented GS types.
I would then like you to go to the end of that line.
JavaScript semicolon.
Leave Espace.
I'd like you to add the following mime types to the Giese types image slash SPG plus XML application
slash ex html plus XML and application slash atem plus x.
Mel.
The Jesus types directive is where you specify the mime types that you would like to compress virtual
host conflicts.
We leave alone.
The lost curly bracket you see is the closing block for the H TTP context.
With NENO you can use control K and you can remove the directive's underneath the control X.
We want to exit NENO Y we want to save our changes.
File name to write is correct in your next stop.
C in F straight.
After editing a configuration file you run the command sudo ingenix hyphen t syntax is OK.
Test is successful.
Now you need to reload engine X to enable the changes we have made inside the engine x dot C NFR.